Let's leave Dragon City quickly
What to do
Home knows you're still alive
They won't let you go
They are not qualified to deal with me either
You don't know how powerful they are now
Your father told me that you made three bets on your life
He is the god of war
You can't beat his mother
Don't worry about it
I know
Why are you so stubborn, child?
How about this?
You mention medical treatment
So they might let you go.
They killed my dad
They want me to help them.
Until the day my dad came in
I made the entire Dong family disappear in Dragon City
Dare to ask Young Master Yan, I dare not come from the north at night
How to continue
I heard that I was sick in the snow and bedridden
Someone can cure it but not